Add glossary entry for probe (#40131)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/probe.md

---
title: Probe
id:
date: 2023-19-03

> full_link: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
full_link: /docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes
```

short_description: >
  A diagnostic performed periodically by the kubelet on a container.

aka:
tags:

---

>  A probe is a diagnostic performed periodically by the kubelet on a container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A probe is a diagnostic performed periodically by the kubelet on a container
 running in a Pod.
 
 <!--more-->
 
To learn more, read [container probes](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes).
```

---
title: Probe
id: probe
date: 2023-03-21
full_link: /docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes

short_description: >

>   A model performed periodically by the kubelet on a container.

Reviewer 2: let's revert back to diagnostic. Model is  worse.

tags:
- tool
---

> A probe is a diagnostic performed periodically by the kubelet on a container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A check that the kubelet periodically performs against a container that is
```

> running in a pod to define container state and health and informing container lifecycle.

Reviewer 3: 👋 @KhushPatibandha .
Great start! Could you break up the main sentence? The last phrase beginning with "to define container state and ..." is not clear.

---
title: Probe
id: probe
date: 2023-03-21
full_link: /docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes

short_description: >

>   A diagnostic performed periodically by the kubelet on a container.

Reviewer 2: I don't really like the use of word "diagnostic" as it often refers to troubleshooting rather than state or health. But cannot come up with short alternative for this. I'd be ok to keep it as is, but if anybody has an idea - please share

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A check performed periodically by the kubelet on a container in a Pod.
```

> aka:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: maybe "health checks".

> tags:

Reviewer: You need to set at least one tag here.
/lgtm cancel

---
A probe is a diagnostic performed periodically by the kubelet on a container

> running in a Pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
running in a Pod to define container state and health and informing container lifecycle.
```
